README.md, before:

# Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree
## Introductory Project: Diagonal Sudoku Solver

# Question 1 (Naked Twins)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the naked twins problem?  
A: *Student should provide answer here*

# Question 2 (Diagonal Sudoku)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the diagonal sudoku problem?  
A: *Student should provide answer here*

### Install

This project requires **Python 3**.

We recommend students install [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads), a pre-packaged Python distribution that contains all of the necessary libraries and software for this project. 
Please try using the environment we provided in the Anaconda lesson of the Nanodegree.

##### Optional: Pygame

Optionally, you can also install pygame if you want to see your visualization. If you've followed our instructions for setting up our conda environment, you should be all set.

If not, please see how to download pygame [here](http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml).

### Code

* `solutions.py` - You'll fill this in as part of your solution.
* `solution_test.py` - Do not modify this. You can test your solution by running `python solution_test.py`.
* `PySudoku.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.
* `visualize.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.

### Visualizing

To visualize your solution, please only assign values to the values_dict using the ```assign_values``` function provided in solution.py

### Data

The data consists of a text file of diagonal sudokus for you to solve.

Commit message:

update readme with answers to the student questions

README.md, after:

# Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree
## Introductory Project: Diagonal Sudoku Solver

# Question 1 (Naked Twins)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the naked twins problem?
A: We go through every unit and find all potential twins. These are boxes, which can contain exactly two possible digits. Then, we identify all the unique naked twin pairs by trying all combinations of potential twin pairs by comparing their values. Finally, we go through every twin pair and find the common peers by using set intersection. We go through every peer and remove the candidate solutions found in the naked twin pair.

# Question 2 (Diagonal Sudoku)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the diagonal sudoku problem?
A: We solve this in a very straightforward manner. Since we apply contraints against units and peers (and peers are built from the unit lists), we can simply add another list of units to the unit list to represent the two big diagonals.


### Install

This project requires **Python 3**.

We recommend students install [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads), a pre-packaged Python distribution that contains all of the necessary libraries and software for this project.
Please try using the environment we provided in the Anaconda lesson of the Nanodegree.

##### Optional: Pygame

Optionally, you can also install pygame if you want to see your visualization. If you've followed our instructions for setting up our conda environment, you should be all set.

If not, please see how to download pygame [here](http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml).

### Code

* `solutions.py` - You'll fill this in as part of your solution.
* `solution_test.py` - Do not modify this. You can test your solution by running `python solution_test.py`.
* `PySudoku.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.
* `visualize.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.

### Visualizing

To visualize your solution, please only assign values to the values_dict using the ```assign_values``` function provided in solution.py

### Data

The data consists of a text file of diagonal sudokus for you to solve.
